Update documentation to allow for 3 TFE nodes (#2095)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/enterprise/install/automated/active-active.mdx

Confirm the general functionality of the Terraform Enterprise UI to validate the tokens you added in Step 2 are set correctly. Browse the `Run` interface and your organization's private registry to confirm your application functions as expected.

### Scaling Beyond Two Nodes

> Terraform Enterprise supports scaling up to three nodes as part of the Active/Active deployment. When scaling beyond two nodes, you should also carefully evaluate and scale external services, particularly the database server. Scaling to three nodes does not alter the [upgrade requirement](https://www.terraform.io/enterprise/admin/infrastructure/active-active#upgrading-tfe-or-patching-tfe-node-instances) that you scale down to a single node or rebuild entirely.

Reviewer: Here we spell out "three" and "two" whereas earlier in the document we use digits. This is super nit-picky, but I'm curious if we have a style guide rule to turn to here?

Reviewer 2: such a good point!! I pulled this from our internal style guide: 

"For more formal writing, write out “one” through “nine” and write 10 and above as numerals.
For more technical writing in sentences with technical terms, write most numbers as numerals for ease of reading. Spell out “one” if it’s not used in tandem with another number (like in a range 1 to 4 for example) in the sentence."

As this is technical content, I believe we should write them all as numerals. Let me know if you disagree!

Author: I have no objection. Done

#### Network Infrastructure/API Limits

As you scale Terraform Enterprise beyond two nodes, you may be adding additional stress to your network and dramatically increasing the number of API calls made in your cloud account. Each cloud has its own default limits and processes by which those limits might be increased. Please refer to the documentation for the cloud hosting your installation.

- [AWS - EC2 instance network limits](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-network-bandwidth.html)
- [AWS - Request Throttling for the EC2 API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/throttling.html)
- [Azure - Virtual Machine Network Limits](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/virtual-machine-network-throughput)
- [Azure - Resource Manager Throttling](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/management/request-limits-and-throttling)
- [Google Cloud - Network Quotas and Limits](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/quota)
- [Google Cloud - API rate limits](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/api-rate-limits)

> #### Terraform Cloud Agents - Alternative Solution

Reviewer: Great idea including this!

- [AWS - Aurora Scaling](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/AuroraMySQL.Managing.Performance.html)
- [Azure - Azure Database Limits](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/postgresql/concepts-limits)
- [Google Cloud - Cloud SQL Quotes and Limits](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/quotas)
- [PostgreSQL 12 - Connection Documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/12/runtime-config-connection.html)

#### Redis Server

Rarely, certain types of workloads may cause spikes in the Redis server CPU or memory. We recommend the Redis server be monitored and scaled up as necessary. 

- [AWS - Monitoring ElastiCache for Redis with CloudWatch](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/monitoring-best-practices-with-amazon-elasticache-for-redis-using-amazon-cloudwatch/)
- [Azure - Monitor Azure Cache for Redis](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-cache-for-redis/cache-how-to-monitor)
- [Google Cloud - Monitoring Redis Instances](https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/monitoring-instances)

#### Network Infrastructure/API Limits

> As you scale out Terraform Enterprise beyond two nodes, you may be adding additional stress to your network and dramatically increasing the number of API calls made in your cloud account. Each of the three support clouds have their own default limits and processes by which those limits might possibly be increased. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you scale Terraform Enterprise beyond two nodes, you may be adding additional stress to your network and dramatically increasing the number of API calls made in your cloud account. Each support cloud has its own default limits and processes by which those limits might be increased. Please refer to the documentation for the cloud hosting your installation.
```

- [AWS - EC2 instance network limits](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-network-bandwidth.html)
- [AWS - Request Throttling for the EC2 API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/throttling.html)
- [Azure - Virtual Machine Network Limits](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/virtual-machine-network-throughput)
- [Azure - Resource Manager Throttling](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/management/request-limits-and-throttling)
- [Google Cloud - Network Quotas and Limits](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/quota)
- [Google Cloud - API rate limits](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/api-rate-limits)

> Please consult the documentation and support of your cloud platform for more information on any of these topics.

Reviewer 2: Moved that to above the links :-) 

```suggestion
```

> #### Consider Agents

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Terraform Cloud Agents - Alternative Solution
```

> An alternative to scaling Terraform Enterprise beyond two, or even three, nodes is to utilize [Terraform Cloud Agents](https://www.terraform.io/enterprise/admin/agents-on-tfe). When agents are utilized, the actual Terraform plans and applies will take place on the target system that has the agent executable installed, with a much smaller impact on the Terraform Enterprise servers than local runs. Agents can run in other regions, other clouds, and even private cloud, provided the network connectivity is configured to allow for it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead of scaling Terraform Enterprise beyond two or three nodes, you can use [Terraform Cloud Agents](https://www.terraform.io/enterprise/admin/agents-on-tfe). Terraform Cloud Agents can run in other regions, other clouds, and even private clouds. Agents poll Terraform Enterprise for work and then Terraform plans and applies will run on the target system that has the agent executable installed. This has a much smaller impact on the Terraform Enterprise servers than running Terraform locally.
```
